Swerve "correctly functioning" docs (#23)
frc1675/frc1675-2024-general: swerve/requirements.md

# Swerve Drive Standards
This document outlines what a correctly functioning swerve drive behaves like.

## Basic Functionality
- Modules drive at the same speed and in the same direction.
- Modules rotate to a zero position. 
- Modules zero positions line up with each other.
- Modules rotate in sychronization with each other. (Module angles are the same relative to the zero positon).

## Driving 
- Drive chassis can translate in all directions from a stopped position.
- Drive chassis can rotate without translating.
- Drive chassis can translate while rotating.
- Drive chassis can accelerate and declerate without tipping.
- Drive chassis has minimal noitceable input lag / acceleration time. 
- Drive chassis does not drift while translating. 

## Autonomous Movement
- Drive chassis can autonomously translate in a straight line.
- Drive chassis can autonomously translate through a Bezier curve (use PathPlanner).

> - Drive chassis can autonomsly translate in a rectangle shape. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drive chassis can autonomously translate in a rectangle shape to its starting position. 
```
